Research Idea
================
Group 7
10-24-2022

# Research Idea: National Parks

## Inspiration

Weather affects numerous features in nature. While lots of rain can
support agriculture and replenish plants it can also cause property
damage. Also, increasing temperatures can directly harm humans, animals,
and other biodiversity. National parks, which have the largest
biodiversity, can be impacted too due to the weather and climate change.
Moreover, in 2021 it was reported by the National Park Service that
roughly 297.1 million people visited national parks. Therefore, our
team’s purpose is to analyze and see how weather affects national parks.
To be more specific, we are planning to look at how weather patterns
have a relationship with National Parks’ visitation rates, revenue, cost
of maintenance, and biodiversity.

## Data Collection

So far, we had found weather, visitation rates, and biodiversity data.
We are still researching to find the cost of maintenance/infrastructure
data. Rather than looking at all national parks in the US, we are
planning to specify 3-5 states, based on the location, or the average
temperature to get a better comparison. Below are datasets we will
possibly use like the average temperature by the state in the US, and
after analyzing this, we are going to trim down the list of states that
we want to focus on.

Below are the datasets we are planning to use for this analysis. Note
that we haven’t decided which state we would like to focus on yet, and
we are planning to do this after wrangling the average temperature data.
Therefore, we did not export all the datasets to xls or csv format, so
for this reference, we are just listing the URL that we are going to use
to obtain the data we want.

*Update: We were not able to find data for costs of
maintenance/infrastructure for the desired states we are looking at. We
have decided to focus on 3 states: Florida, Colorado, and California.
This gives us a total of 16 state parks to look at. Flordia has 3,
Colorado has 4, and California has 9 state parks. We picked these 3
different states because they experience different weather patterns
throughout the year and we want to investigate if that affects the
national parks’ visitation rates and biodiversity.*

## Data Set Links

National Park by State:
<https://www.nationalparktrips.com/parks/us-national-parks-by-state-list/>

Daily Temp of Major Cities:
<https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/sudalairajkumar/daily-temperature-of-major-cities>

Hourly weather data:
<https://www.kaggle.com/datasets/selfishgene/historical-hourly-weather-data?select=temperature.csv>

Visitation data:
<https://irma.nps.gov/STATS/SSRSReports/National%20Reports/Current%20Year%20Monthly%20and%20Annual%20Summary%20Report%20(1979%20-%20Present)>

Biodiversity data:
<https://irma.nps.gov/NPSpecies/Search/SpeciesList/WSALAT>
